Oh.
It turned out that the one who bought the medicine fluoride glass was taken advantage of
It's you, I suggest you sell it quickly
Otherwise, you will lose everything.
Who are you scaring?
Medicine talisman glass has grown so much now
How could you lose money?
I admit that you saw the Chinese medicine practitioner glass president before
A little skill
But now you make your own money and don't let everyone else make it.
Are you being a little stingy?
Right?
That's right, you said before that this medicine talisman glass can grow
Just luck
What to pack
Now we have bought medicine talisman glass in the whole warehouse.
You make money, don't let us make it
You are so wicked
Well since you don't listen to me
No wonder I am
Let's go to clear the warehouse.
Hello, help me clear the warehouse.
Hold on.
Sir, your stock has been sold.
A total profit of 4 million yuan
Please keep it. Thank you.
Now the glass is gaining momentum
Why is the warehouse suddenly cleared?
Although the medicinal glass was successfully financed
It was withdrawn that same day.
So the stock price is bound to go down like an avalanche
Why did you suddenly withdraw your investment?
If I remember correctly
Just a few minutes ago
The director of the pharmaceutical glass factory
There was a mistake in displaying the product.
And their glass
There was a major quality issue
So shareholders are negotiating a collective withdrawal
Hey, isn't that right?
You have been under my nose all day today
How did you know this news?
Can conceive
This is a medicine man, why did the glass fall?
It's over, it's over, it's over, it's falling too fast, right?
Why did you lose 30 points in a while?
husband
I'll be really told by that trash on Earth
The medicine man's glass will fall back, right? Impossible
Medicine man glass
Will definitely get it back
Climb up. Climb up.
Finished tray
Otherwise, the fox will lose another 5 cents
We only have 100,000 $10 million left
Mr. Huang, thank you for the next ten million
Otherwise, I wouldn't be able to earn so much.
Brat what did you do
It's just a simple pig killing altar
And you are the most persistent
Mr. Fang, thank you for the 1,000 yuan.
Without the $1,000
We can't make 4 million
Now this $1,000
Return you, you are fucking weak